README.md, before:

miCoach Backup
=====

**miCoach backup** is a tool to save your workouts from [Adidas miCoach] to your computer.

Description
----

**miCoach backup** contains two things:

  - the beginning of a Python implementation of *Adidas miCoach* API 
  - a small GUI for selecting and saving you workouts


Usage 
-----
**Requirements**
  - a computer and a *miCoach* account...

No requirements with the win32 binary, from the Python source code:
  - [Python](http://www.python.org) 2.6+
  - [PySide](http://www.pyside.org)
  - [ConfigObj](http://www.voidspace.org.uk/python/configobj.html)

**Installation**

No installation needed. Just move the program wherever you like.

**Usage**

1. Run `backupGUI.py`
2. Enter your *miCoach* credentials
3. Select workouts to be downloaded (by default the tool only looks for newly added workouts )
4. Wait a few seconds, you're all done!


Screenshot
----

![miCoach backup](http://acadis.org/images/micoach/screenshot-chooseView.png)

What else
----

**miCoach backup** is being actively developped is ready for use.

The API let's you do pretty much everything the [website](http://www.micoach.com/) can do and even a lot more. So far you will only be able to save your workouts on you computer.

Licensing
---------

This program and its documentation are released under the terms of the
BSD license.

XML manipulation library (simplexml.py) by Mariano Reingar, LGPL license

----
2012, Manuel Vonthron <manuel.vonthron@acadis.org>

  [Adidas miCoach]: http://www.micoach.com/

Commit message:

removed from src folder and modified README

README.md, after:

miCoach Backup
=====

**miCoach backup** is a tool to save your workouts from [Adidas miCoach] to your computer.

Description
----

**miCoach backup** contains two things:

  - the beginning of a Python implementation of *Adidas miCoach* API 
  - a small GUI for selecting and saving you workouts

This was forked from Manual Vonthron's micoach-backup.  I ported it to python 3 and removed the use Mariano Reingar's SimpleXML library in favor of lxml.  I added writeGpx and a working version of writeTcx for export options.  The PySide based GUI has been removed for my own crude Gtk+ 3 GUI. The "xml" backup option will save the raw xml file that is delivered from the [Adidas miCoach] website.


Usage 
-----
**Requirements**
  - a computer and a *miCoach* account...

No requirements with the win32 binary(I have not yet created a win32 binary), from the Python source code:
  - [Python](http://www.python.org) 3.0+
  - [Gtk+ 3](http://www.pyside.org)

**Installation**

No installation needed. Just move the program wherever you like.

**Usage**

1. Run `micoach-backup`
2. Enter your *miCoach* credentials
3. Choose any combination of backup options "xml", "gpx", or "tcx" (Choose tcx if you use Heart Rate Monitor"
4. Optional Choose the folder you want to save in. (Step 3 and 4 DO NOT need to be repeated each use)
3. Select workouts to be downloaded


Screenshot
----

![miCoach backup](http://s15.postimg.org/8wow61gi3/Screenshot_from_2013_06_27_15_49_55.png)

Licensing
---------

This program and its documentation are released under the terms of the
BSD license.

XML manipulation library (simplexml.py) by Mariano Reingar, LGPL license

----
2012, Manuel Vonthron <manuel.vonthron@acadis.org>
2013, Patrick Walker

  [Adidas miCoach]: http://www.micoach.com/
